Welcome back guys.
In this video we are going to continue our problem which is of course our car model.
But this time an to me.
So let's get it started.
These are the equation of motion of the course record model from the previous review by balancing M.S.
we have the equation M.S. why see that a lot plus C1 y c dot plus key one Y C by balancing m s.
We have the equation M S Y as double dog plus C1 y s dot plus key one or key two plus key one times
Y S equals two C1 why is he dots plus key one Y C plus K two times the input x so we need to take plus
transformation of both equation so I want you to pose a video and a star typing equation of motions
in s domain and compare them with my equations.
Welcome back guys.
So the equation of motions in his domain are Y C over Y S equals to C1 s plus k 1 over MCO squared plus
C S plus k 1 the second equation y as equals 2 y c times C one s plus key 1 over M S A squared plus
C1 s plus key one plus key two plus X times K two times m s s s squared plus C1 s plus q on plus K too.
So in order to model this system I will add three times for function the first transfer function is
this function and by multiplying this transfer function times a signal y s we will have Y C or the response
of the Chelsea we can take the response of the Chelsea and multiply it again by this transfer function
add them to say input x time.
This transfer function and this will produce Y S which will be fitted to produce Y C and so on.
So let's see this on the semi link I have created a new model so let's as a different blocks from block
library from continuous air transfer function right click et on titled From commonly use blocks I will
add some and I will add scoop
and from sources I will add step function
we have three transfer functions so I will copy this transfer function three times
and I will show the response of the Chelsea and the suspension system so I will copy scoop block twice
remembers that I have this file which contains the values of the different parameter M.C. MSE 1 C1 key
to first of all I will.
Whereas this transfer function to the school block.
So this is why I see this as a transfer function c 1 s plus key 1 over M.C. s squared plus C1 s plus
k 1 so double click the numerator is C1
and k 1
the denominator is
M.S. c 1 Q1 OK.
So now we have added the transfer function C1 s plus k 1 over MSE a squared plus C1 plus s 1
this signal is Y C so I will feed the signal pack and multiply it to another transfer function but first
I need to flip this plug flip
when you look at the second equation you will see is that why C is multiplied by this transfer function
C1 K1 denominator
M S C1
key one plus key two inside brackets
OK
on move this here and this one here
I'll move to some Michigan block here the step and book which is x is multiply it to the transfer function
which is
key to numerator over the denominator M.S.
C1
key one plus key to
will arrange my model and expenses
moves this here.
Whereas the signal here I will leave this one
and wire as a signal here so as input x is multiplied by this transfer function Y C is multiplied by
this transfer function and Zi are added together here to produce y s y is now is multiplied by as this
block to produce Y C and I have added a scoop to plot the signal of Y C and from this a scoop I can
take a signal from here to plot y yes.
Now my model is ready on I have a set of different values of these variables so I can run my model the
time here is 10 seconds so run let's see the response of the suspension movement this is the response
as you can see I have some oscillations until damped and this is a response of the Chelsea again it's
up to one point four I forgot to set the step number two certainly millimeters so wrong again.
So now it's up to almost forty five and then the movement is damped
again degrees the value of the number make it six for example and from back to our model and Ron
now is oscillation as you can see are increased because we have reduced the dumping coefficient
and this is the response of the HSC can actually compares the results from using elsewhere function
to the results from modelling in time domain as I have mentioned in the video of the modelling the spring
number system.
Thank you guys for watching and see you in the next tweet you.